2007 BMW 3-series very nice one this is
a 328 X I edition and know that X
represents the whole wheel drive and
furthermore just in case you're
interested in other BMW products we do
have quite a few here at Newton we like
to keep them stocked in inside your
trunk plenty of room
if your owner's manual in there
inside you do have dual cupholders
you also have the dual climate control
here you also have heated seats your
door locks are here also another cool
feature is that you could actually keep
this warmer or cooler so it's kind of
nice for the winter if let's say you
don't want such hot heat blowing on your
face but you want from below always like
that feature heated seats there for the
winter also
this here also you have your rear AC and
heat and you do get map lights for the
rear elements you have 205 55 16 s for
your tires daytime running lights
very very clean
and as for your miles 45,000 relatively
nothing has the nice transmitter key to
push start button and of course you do
have a manual load capability to where
you can shift this organs have a sport
mode you have a trip computer in the
middle audio controls voice command
controls for the phone a lot of car PD
more info give us a call here at Audi VW
of Newton take out this beam referred
test drive